bournemouth university has been
fantastic i move down here especially to
call to the University most of the
buildings here down at Lansdowne are far
health and social care so they're all
fully equipped
we do a lot of work with
physiotherapists because in the outside
world those are the people that we're
going to be working with and we learn to
communicate work together as a team of
healthcare professionals
I chose bournemouth university because
it has a really good reputation for
hands-on midwifery so it's kind of a
more practical way of learning I think
the clinical skills labs are really good
because it gives you an opportunity to
learn skills in a safe environment and
also you get to work in small groups
with your tutor also can learn off your
peers as well and it's a really good
opportunity to practice and where you're
not in a pressured environment and then
you can have your footling breech I
choose format university because they
have a good reputation in the child
protection and Social Work is a kind of
new career that I like to pursue and
after discuss with my friends that told
me that Bowman University have running
really good Social Work course so that's
why I apply the facilities are amazing
computer systems like my view it's
helped me a lot to get all the
information I need for my course my
placement experience was on the acute
admissions unit some more born with
hospital I loved it it was award that
consists of patients being transferred
from accident and emergency he
stabilized them and then they can go to
other Wars if they need to stay in for
longer the thing I enjoyed the most was
being able to liaise with dr. get my
confidence with that and also being able
to manage obey the support i had on that
placement was a mentor we worked very
closely together she was able to
transfer skills to me so I could look
upon her and see how she runs the bays
Lee a doctor so that I could take that
on when I qualify as an ass I did my
first placement in malaysia penang i had
five weeks there i'm working with the
KRG which is the AIDS action research
group from usm
university in Penang I spend a lot of
time in them with the people with the
headaches in the dump site and also on
the street it's been really really great
experience for me
on the placements we've been to
Bournemouth hospital Paul hospital some
of the local Leisure centers and health
clinics we've been able to see some of
the health and fitness classes and also
things like cardiac rehab and pulmonary
assessments
I thought that the course offered here
was really buried across the whole
syllabus as a different aspects of
nutrition and equals the Scylla tees
available here fantastic as well
I have commendation through the
University which is the fantastic
reasonably priced and as landlord says
super the campus is very centrally
located which is very very handy because
you can just go to the center of town
and do this shopping or just clubbing I
mean it's very easy to get into the
beach or into the countryside
the university is based on two campuses
got Talbots and lansdowne there's great
links between the two the library here
is mainly for the nursing or health and
social care subjects and if I want to go
on a broader scale of books and wider
reading I do go to Talbot campus
you're on the south coast so you've got
to see the beach the life which together
with the university experience brilliant
really good to keep your balance between
study and pleasure I think this is the
right place to study